Caroline Grace Alexander is a computer scientist studying at Northwestern University. She has valuable work experience and by collaborating with diverse teams, she has built software applications and products.This summer at Lockheed Martin, she created a database to house information about vulnerability scans of the FAA ERAM (Enroute Automation Modernization) network. She worked with users to create meaningful reports, using Access and SQL to analyze data.  She reduced the data compilation process time by 93%.In college, she optimized a Northwestern professor’s invention: the lightboard, a portable illuminated glass board used for YouTube lecturing. She worked with her team to increase accessibility of the client’s product by reducing build and setup costs by 97%.She worked in the Information Technology Division at the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office where she used Agile engineering practices and Scrum methodology. She used HTML, JavaScript, and Adobe Dreamweaver to build a website which “went live” at the end of the summer. She re-designed and rebuilt the entire User Experience Division intranet site using the User Centered Design methodology. She fixed browser incompatibility and non-mobile friendly issues in the process.While she has a technical background, she enjoys collaborative environments. Being on the tech team for EPIC (Entrepreneurship In Action), she is part of a community of bright people that create events like Wildhacks, a 24 hour hackathon at Northwestern University. She is an active member of the Society of Women Engineers and was selected to be on the Professional Development Committee to help society members network with local businesses and organize events such as career fairs. She is currently a sophomore, interested in using her passion for computer science in the field of artificial intelligence and human computer interaction, and applying those concepts to work on autonomous cars.Grace enjoys hiking and being active outside. She always seems to be busy with a side project, some of which range from building a low budget chicken coop to creating a website to sell a book her grandmother wrote. She has also earned her Private Pilot’s license and applied for a preliminary patent. She enjoys challenge. She sets high goals for herself, and she pushes herself and her teammates to achieve them.Grace Alexander can be contacted at carolinealexander2018@u.northwestern.edu.